SQL Server is a relational database management system (RDBMS) from Microsoft that's designed for the enterprise environment.   

Tables are objects that contain all the data in SQL Server databases. Each table represents a type of object that is meaningful to its users

A view can be thought of as either a virtual table or a stored query. Unless a view is indexed, its data is not stored in the database as a distinct objec

Databases
Describes how databases are used to represent, manage, and access data. Includes designing, implementing, and maintaining databases.

Federated Database Servers
Describes design guidelines and considerations for implementing a federated database tier.

Tables
Describes how tables are used to store rows of data and define the relationships between multiple tables.

Indexes allow the database application to find data fast; without reading the whole table.

Indexes
Describes how indexes are used to increase the speed of accessing data in the table.

Partitioned Tables and Indexes
Describes how partitioning can make large tables and indexes more manageable and scalable.

Views
Describes views and their usefulness in providing an alternative way of looking at data in one or more tables.

Assemblies (Database Engine)
Describes how assemblies are used in SQL Server to deploy functions, stored procedures, triggers, user-defined aggregates, 
and user-defined types that are written in one of the managed 
code languages hosted by the Microsoft .NET Framework common language runtime (CLR), and not written in Transact-SQL.

Synonyms
Describes how a synonym can be used to reference a base object. A synonym is another name for a schema-contained object.

Designing and Implementing Structured Storage How-to Topics
Contains procedure topics for various database tasks.

Clustered indexes 
Sort and store the data rows in the table or view based on their key values

Nonclustered indexes 
Have a structure separate from the data rows.
A nonclustered index contains the nonclustered index key values and each key value entry has a pointer to the data row that contains the key value.